Saturday 18th October
She wasn’t there!  But I’ll tell you about that later. I got up early and went to a castle (out of all the castles in Japan, they took me to the one which burnt down 3 years ago and is now replaced by a concrete replica) and a samurai house which was really cool and quite moving because a family committed group suicide there a few hundred years ago.  We had lunch at three o’clock and headed back. It took two hours and I had to meet Rich and Balàzs in Niigata at 5.30.  Mr Saiki’s driving is slow and totally erratic.  Anyway I was getting a but frustrated due to the fact that I had no control over the situation.  When we got home Mr Saiki offered to drive me to Kobari station to get the 5.23!  Tried to decline but he wasn’t having any of it.  So I had to get changed really quickly and sit in traffic for twice as long as it would have taken me to walk – frustration increased.  I did manage to catch the 5.23 and Richard, along with Richard and Andy were on the train too.  About one minute away from Niigata station, the train suddenly stopped and much Japanese was announced over the loud speaker.  Guards and drivers started rushing around and half an hour later the police and an ambulance turned up.  An hour and a half later we pulled into Niigata but the trains were up the creek so it was another half an hour before we got to the station were Richard’s host father’s party was.  I was so frustrated because I had been trying to get somewhere for 5 hours but couldn’t due to reasons beyond my control.  It turned out that a woman had been run over and killed by our train whilst crossing the track – nice: so I was within a yard of her mangled body within one second of her death!  
When we got to the party, Asami wasn’t there but a beautiful girl called Mami was there with her fiancé.  Definitely the most beautiful Japanese girl I’ve seen so far.  Asami’s parents were there and I charmed them to death for about half an hour.  Incidentally Balàzs didn’t go to the party cos he got fed up of waiting for our train and went home.  After the part we did karaoke again and I stole the show, having a voice which vaguely resembled singing.  I tried the harmonies to some songs but because Richard couldn’t hold the melody it didn’t sound too good.  Never mind – beautiful girl loved me.  I went back to Richards afterwards and stayed over.
