Friday 27th February
We walked around Shinjuku for half an hour before catching the train to the place where we were to meet the others at 9.30.  Because we had so much time to kill we decided to walk around the Impreial Palace grounds which took about two hours and, of course, we stopped into McDonalds for breakfast on the way.  At 9.30, we met the others outside the Supreme Court and had a tour of this building which is the ugliest place I have ever seen from the outside but quite impressive inside.  After we went to the Tokyo’s women’s plaza which is a kind of women’s rights building with male and female toilet signs in the same colour to avoid discrimination.  It was very boring but I was interested to learn that only about 20% of the management were women.  After that me, Rich, Andy and Yoshi had lunch in an Italian restaurant which was quite average really. 
By now we are on about 1.30pm.  We caught the tube to the national parliament building which was quite impressive and, inside, very much like the British Houses of Parliament.  I sat in the PMs chair which was quite a weird experience.  We went to Allen&Overy next, the solicitors with whom I am supposed to be doing work experience next summer.  The building was nice but the people were like solicitors so I didn’t really like them.  Next we went to a Japanese firm which was a grotty little place in comparison.  I had the worst needing-the-toilet experience I’ve ever had after consuming two cans of beer.  I was in total agony.  However, the solicitor bloke let me use the toilets there and when this incredibly boring meeting finished at about 7pm the solicitor sent us packing with 6 cans of larger each which was nice.  We met up with Rachel and her ex-boyfriend and hung around this really busy square until about midnight.  Rich and I had already decided to go home with Andy and Rachel in the morning rather than get the train home that night.  We had a huge McDonalds because Richard had been given £300 by various people for this Tokyo trip.  I.E. Richard bought the food and then more beer.  We went back to the square and Richard and I tried to chat up a few girls but, as usually happens, they are really interested for 10 minutes but then become visibly scared and run away.  So, at about 1.30am we went back to Rachel’s youth hostel and finally got to bed, the floor, whatever, at 3am.  However…..
