Thursday 19th February
Got up at 5 o’clock and got ready for my trip down to Tokyo to see Oasis.  I phoned home to wish Dad a happy birthday cos it’s yesterday there but Mum answered so I wished her a happy birthday for tomorrow.  I left at 5.45am and walked to the university station where Andy was going to pick me up.  It took 45 minutes to get there and it was freezing.  I waited until 7.00am but Andy blatantly wasn’t going to turn up so I walked to his house to find him still sleeping.  We finally left at 8.00 and after a coffee and petrol stop were underway.  The first half of the journey was a nightmare.  We went on the main roads (not motorways) and there was traffic and roadworks all the way.  It took 5 hours so we thought we were going to be late meeting Rachel and her boyfriend (who has come over for a fortnight).  We decided to go on the motorway and risk paying a fortune for the toll.  The second half of the journey took just one hour and the charge was £15 so it’s much better.  We couldn’t find anywhere to park so in the end we just abandoned the car in a restaurant car park.  The next problem was to find a station but 5 people individually gave us pretty good and comprehendible directions and it took us about 20 minutes to walk there.  We got to the Budōkan 5 minutes late to meet them at 4.00pm after all the panic and frustration earlier.  We went and had a few beers before walking straight into the Budōkan and sitting down.  We were on the 1st floor at stage left and had a pretty good view.  The support band were I am You or You are I or something but anyway they were rubbish.  Obviously Oasis were excellent.  The best moment for me was probably ‘Cigarettes and Alcohol’ which rocked.  Noel did his solo set and it had ‘Talk Tonight’ and ‘Don’t go Away’ in it which are two of my favourites.  He also did an ‘interesting’ version of ‘Help’ altering the melody slightly.  All in all it was a great concert and, afterwards, cos we were all suffering from post concert depression, we went into the main part of Tokyo and had pizza and beer which was not really any more expensive than Niigata.  When that restaurant closed at 11pm, we headed off to some slightly more expensive bars where we all had a big argument about nothing.  Rachel decided she would pay for a taxi back to the youth hostel where she and her boyfriend were staying and it only cost her £50.  We all crashed out there at about 5am which meant I had been up for 24 hours!  But it was a very good, if not slightly expensive, 24 hours.
