Friday 13th February
Woke up at 9.00 to the sound of a pneumatic drill outside but I didn’t care.  The sun was shining and it was warm in my room.  I had to go to college to pick up my bike which I left there yesterday.  It was a pleasant excursion due to the weather and I was looking forward to going out this evening with Balàzs and Miyako.  We only go out once a week now cos Balàzs is always seeing her so I have six miserable lonely evenings a week and one good evening.  At college I did some e-mailing and then cycled home to get ready.  I spent ages getting ready because I was looking forward to seeing the waitress I like at the American Diner.  Just before I was going to leave Balàzs phoned and said he was sick and that he was going to spend the evening alone with Miyako.  I am so bored and lonely.  I went through my filofax for inspiration but just became even sadder when I realised that apart from Balàzs there is no one else to go out with apart from Andy and Rachel.  I have many Japanese acquaintances but no friends.  I phone them (A&R) but, as expected, they were not in.  It looks like I have all evening, all day tomorrow and Saturday night, all day Sunday and that night and all day Monday on my own, in my room.  The Saikis don’t like me anymore and rarely speak to me – I appear to be nothing but a hindrance.  The only chance I have to go out is when I walk Pao and I hate him. What am I going to do?  I shouldn’t just sit here and look forward to next weekend – it’s a week away but I can’t see any other option. I have my book and my music so I guess I’ll just be doing that for the next 86 hours.  So much for Friday 13th being mere superstition.
We’re still on Friday.  I feel compelled to write more because I’ve got nothing else to do.  Have you ever tried drinking whiskey and coke out of a deodorant lid?  It’s not easy because of the plastic rim – however I’m starting to get good at it.  After my last entry today, I had dinner and walked the mutt which conveniently led me past the off-licence which is the next best thing, I guess, if I can’t go to an on-licence establishment.  So here I am now, whiskey and coke, no friends and no music (cos Akihiro has decided to sleep in his room for a change – usually he sleeps in the lounge, on the floor in front of the tv).  I only have 138 days to go and I come home.  Unfortunetly, I have only been here 136 days so I’m not half-way through until tomorrow.  I don’t know what to do now.  I’m sitting here all dressed up, new jeans ‘n’ all, with nowhere to go.  Someone anaesthetise me for four months so I can wake up in England.  Bottoms up….
