Saturday 14th March
We left at 9.30 and went through the station maze again and after buying sandwiches and coffee, I said goodbye and went back to the hotel and sat around watching TV for an hour and a half before checking out without actually stealing any hotel property.  I decided to kill time by walking to Kudanshita which took an hour.  There, I just sat in MacDonalds with a breakfast and a coffee reading my book (For Whom the Bell Tolls – Kate bought it for me for my birthday).  After half an hour, I decided I ought to try and find Ikebukoro station from where the bus leaves.  So, for the last time, I had train misery but did actually manage to get there an hour and a half early so I had plenty of time to find the bus stop.  It still took me a good 45 minutes to do so and I had to get detailed directions off a station type bloke.  I found the bus stop and wandered around until 3.00pm.  My feet were really painful due to my new boots so I was hobbling around like a fool.  When I got the bus down last week I had to sit next to this horrible sweaty ill bloke so I was praying today I would have a beautiful female companion.  Standing around at the bus stop, things looked good.  A handful of blokes, one really ugly girl and loads of beautiful women.  I got on the bus and the seats around me, to my disappointment, started filling up with blokes.  Only the seat next to me remained free for a couple of minutes and then I was joined by the really ugly girl!  I couldn’t believe my bad luck but as it turned out, there was a video anyway so I was occupied by other visual pleasures.  The film was ‘The Mask’ which is a good film.  It was dubbed in Japanese but I found myself understanding it all right (I have seen it before which helped) and I laughed in the right places.  Jim Carrey lost his humour somewhat in the dubbing but it was still quite cleverly done.  After that, the journey dragged on, broken only by two pit stops at service stations and I finally limped off the bus just before 8 o’clock at Hakusan shrine.  It took me ages to get to the station but I did get some sandwiches on the way.  I had a 30 minute wait for the next train and then a 20 minute walk home so it was 9.15 when I finally got back.  I chatted to Mr S for a few minutes before he ran away so I came up here.  Akihiro gave me a little TV thing but like rest of the Saiki’s stuff, it’s ancient and doesn’t work.  Finally crawled into bed at 10.30pm.
