Friday 13th March
I had to get up at 6am today to get ready for our trip to Tokyo.  We had a fairly nice hot breakfast before Mr Saiki gave us a lift to Kobari station.  We had coffee at Niigata and then had a fairly average trip down to the capital but we did manage to complete a telegraph crossword along the way.  Once there we had a one minute walk to our hotel which was really nice, our apartment being on the top floor with a few goes on the bidet/arse shower, we went out for the day.  Minamikata Sensei recommended Asakusa so we went there first but not until we had ½ hour of underground misery trying to find the right train/line/platform etc.  I got really annoyed with the whole Japanese thing but managed to calm down by the time we got there although my anger merely subsided into depression.  Asakusa was boring – just a lot of old stuff – the sort of thing your parents would like (this was actually a good point since, I realised, my parents were with me).  After that we had train misery again but after a while we managed to locate a crap Tokyo map which helped slightly on our excursion to the Tokyo Tower.  This hideous red Eiffel tower monstrosity is 333 meters high and provides a handsome view of the whole city.  We headed off to the Imperial Palace Grounds next and, since I’ve been there twice before, I managed to be quite a good tour guide of the grounds, the National Parliament building, the Suprime Court, the British Embassy etc.  We got back to the hotel by foot and, after a short wash and rest period went out to dinner.  While searching around I bumped into John from Cardiff who just happened to be wandering around with his parents.  I thought it was an amazing coincidence but he just said, ‘Oh, all right Matt’ before we launched off into a 20 minute conversation about Japan and stuff.  We spent an hour looking for a restaurant but because it was Friday night, we couldn’t find anywhere that wasn’t packed out with Japanese sararimen.  We gave up and got the tube to Ginza and after a similar lengthly long exploration, managed to find space in an expensive and classy top floor restaurant.  Dad and I had big steak but Mum played her illness card again and refused to eat.  We headed back to the hotel but I took a brief diversion to Lawson to get some more beer.  At the hotel, Mum and Dad went to bed and I kind of half watched TV and half looked out the window until midnight when a film came on but by that time the beer had brought on a week’s worth of fatigue and I drifted off into a heavenly slumber only to find myself awakened by the Tokyo traffic on…
