Saturday 30th May
We moved on to some kind of late night fast food place and I ate the first substantial meal I’d had since Thursday evening.  After that we went back to another bar and stayed for an hour until the sun came up, at which point we went to McDonalds for a coffee.  At around the time of the first train we went with Cath to a McDonalds near her house (over an hour away).  We had a small breakfast before Cath went home to get a shower.  Rich and I slept in a really quite beautiful park for an hour before she found us and took us to her uni.  We were supposed to be seeing some sports thing but we couldn’t find it and, instead, sat around in their International Centre before Tamsin turned up.  We had lunch and then sat outside playing cards for hours until 5.30pm when we went to a party at International House.  Having had no sleep I was not really in the mood but after a few gallons of free beer I found myself drunkenly fluent at Japanese.  At least, I feel fluent but obviously, to the other party, I am incoherent.  After the part y 26 of us decided to do karaoke and got the train to the next station.  Although there were two places it couldn’t be arranged – too many people.  The whole thing was a logistical nightmare but by the time we had caught the train to the next station the number had dwindled to a more manageable fifteen.  We had to wait an hour but used this time effectively consuming beer outside in the street.  We did karaoke for three hours and it was good.  I sung far better than everyone else, not because I’m good (just confident) but because they were all appalling.  Two Jap guys said we could stay at their house which we did (Me, Rich and Tamsin), setting alarms for 6.30am on
Sunday 31st Mary
Everyone sprang awake and the two Japs walked us to the station for 7am.  Said goodbye to Tamsin and Rich and I got the train to Ikeburo (about an hour away).  We sat in McDonalds for a bit feeling god-damned awful.  When the bus came I thought I’d chuck but I survived and by the time we got to Niigata at 2pm I was fine.  We had lunch in Furumachi before walking back to Bandai and doing a bit of shopping.  I got the train home, spoke to Mrs Saiki for 5 minutes and then came up here for a little peace and quiet.  Dinner was gyōza, big and nice.  I walked Pao afterwards.  When I got back Mrs Saiki tried to make a joke but I just couldn’t understand and apologised before coming up here completely shattered.  Went to bed at about 11pm.
