Tuesday 5th May
Today is Boys’ day and this boy had a good day.  Rachel phoned just after lunch and said that they could only go to the beach for a couple of hours because they were going to the American Diner at 5pm.  I was invited and, naturally, replied in the affirmative.  However, first up was our couple of hours at the beach, which, in fact, turned out to be a couple of hours at the River Festival in aid of Boys’ day which Mr Saiki suggested to me on my way out.  It was a terrifyingly hot day and loads of people were there watching the boat races and visiting the various beer/food tents.  I saw Mami who is the girl I met at the Gaijin party two weeks ago.  She is very nice and I had a good opportunity to apologise for not being in last Thursday when we had arranged for her to phone me.  Next I saw Yo, my high school girl with great legs who I haven’t seen for ages.  She reckoned we would meet up before I go back but I don’t know when or how.  We raced home and got changed and I met A&R on the train into town just after 4pm.  We went to the diner and met up with a Libyan and a Jordanian as planned (the Sudanese girl could not make it).  The beautiful waitress is back, the one I fancied for 6 months but first mention on 6th February (and on 9th Feb, and 20th April.  Since then I’ve only seen her twice, once in town when I said ‘Hi’ and once when she was a customer in this restaurant.  As I drank more I had the balls to get the DJ to play her a romantic song anonymously.  As soon as it came on she looked at me.  Every time she walked by she smiled.  I asked the DJ about her and her name is Yūmi which is ‘kinda cute’.  The DJ said she had a boyfriend but it wasn’t going to stop me.  I tried to get the DJ to play another song for her but instead she went up to her and told her quite blatantly that I fancied the pants off her.  Next, Hassam (Libyan) called her over pretending he wanted more beer but really just to ask her to write down a kanji which I had forgotten and wanted to incorporate into a letter I was drafting for her.  So I finished my letter and then, spurred on or rather ‘forced’ by the others I went up to chat to her.  I told her I thought she was a top bird and gave her the note.  I gave her my phone number and asked for hers but she didn’t look like she wanted to give it to me so I said ‘Think about it’ and left her to it.  Just after 10pm she came out in her non-waitress clothes and I realised that it was ‘then’ or never so I tried again.  I asked her for a date but she said she works every night but then she pulled out of her handbag an American Diner serviette with her phone number on it!  I was so pleased – she’d obviously planned to give it to me.  However, this also means that the ball is still in my court and I will have to phone her on Thursday.  I am already really nervous.  She is a very beautiful girl so I imagined her to be either easy or stupid but instead she said she was a student and she came across as being very warm and friendly.  In fact she is just too good to really exist and therefore must be a figment of my drunken imagination.  Anyway, she went home and so did we.  The train journey almost made me throw up but I didn’t and got to bed at 12.15am.  Perhaps today should be Girls Day not Boys Day.
