Wednesday 10th June
This is the first time since I arrived in Japan that, after drinking, I have written in my diary.  Usually I wait until the next day and write it with a hangover.  However, I believe that everyone should do everything once and in the same way that tonight I walked across the railway bridge over the longest river in Japan as opposed to the conventional footbridge, I have decided to write my diary the same night.  Today has been a strange day.  I can say this quite honestly despite the fact that the first 95% of the day was ridiculously normal.  I got up, had breakfast, went to college to return a library book, came home, studied a bit, went out with Balàzs and had a few beers and then at 10.15 met Yūmi.  The first think I noticed was that she was wore the same clothes as yesterday and thus had not been home.  She seemed the same as ever and, since she told me last week she loved adventure, I suggested, despite the rain that we spend our time walking home.  I reinforced her opinion that I really do like her.  I suggested that she cannot really like her boyfriend since she is seeing me and I implied that her boyfriend cannot really like her.  I tried to explain that English people are different from Japanese in that they are more serious about such things.  She, as usual, remained silent.  At this point I knew it was all over.  We carried on walking, both soaked by rain.  At her house I had to make a decision – will I see her again or not?  I realised that I would be much better off just calling it a day so I kissed her on the cheek and with an unambiguous ‘Goodbye’ turned around and started the hour walk home.  It was pouring with rain, I was soaked and miserable and, as previously mentioned, rather than making the detour to the road bridge I climbed onto the railway bridge and crossed that way, saving myself 10 minutes.  I listened to sad music on my walkman and wearily trudged along lost in thought.  I am not unhappy really, after all it is her that’s losing out, not me!!  On the way home I bought some milk from seven eleven as has become my recent habit and finally got to bed at 1.00.  I am know writing my diary and shall put the light out....now.
